---
layout: post
contentType: "story"
contentIndex: "XI"
date_time: "2022/05/26"
description: "Vampires, cops, and mysteries."
title: "Circles of Blood"
show: true
isSpecial: false
tags: "vampires cops romance mystery thriller"
---

## Chapter N<sup>o</sup> I: Fiona

The sun shone. The sky was blue. Fiona was lying on her couch, her hand dangling to the floor and her body heaving up and down. She was sleeping. It was early morning. She gone out the previous night and had come home late. She was still wearing her outfit from last night: A black, leather blazer, tight blue jeans, a cream-colored short-sleeved T-Shirt, and black strap-heels. She had taken off her heels because she vaguely felt her feet hurt when she had come home the previous evening.

She would have to work later that day. She was inspector for homicide investigations in the San Francisco Police Departement. Her partner, Nick, was twenty-three, about two years junior to herself. She had worked her way up in the departement and her superiors respected her for her intuition and her skill in solving crimes.

## Chapter N<sup>o</sup> II: The Call.

Fiona's telephone rang three times before it woke her. The telephone stood on a small table beside her couch, she sleepily reached over the armrest above her head and picked up. *"Yes?"*, she asked. *"Fiona! Nick here."*, Nick answered. *"How long would it take you to Pacific Heights?"*, Nick elaborated. *"About an hour, why?"*, Fiona answered sleepily. *"Long night last night?"*, Nick asked. *"Yeah, you could say that."*, Fiona explained. *"We've got a bloodbath in a big mansion in Pacific Heights."*, Nick elaborated further. *"I'll be there."*, Fiona replied. *"Pacific Heights No. 7."*, Nick answered. *"Right, thanks."*, Fiona said and hung up. She sat up gingerly, blinked and went to the kitchen sink. She poured herself a glass of water and drank it with some relish. Funny how dry one's throat felt after drinking and smoking an awful lot. She went to the bathroom to freshen up.

Fifteen minutes she got into her Chevy Camaro and set off. It would be a stressy drive to Pacific Heights. It was rush hour.

## Chapter N<sup>o</sup> III: The Black Mansion.

Half an hour later she came to the address that Nick had told her on the telephone. The driveway's gates were had two black snakes wrapped around the fence work. When her Camaro pulled up in the driveway, she stood in front of a huge black mansion with two wings with French windows overlooking the city. The mansion had huge oak doors with a crescent moon on them. The doorway was adorned with an entrance patio and a balcony on top of it. Nick's Mustang was in front of the house together with two police cars. The forensics team had already entered the house.

On the steps leading up to the door, there was a girl, no older than Fiona herself, in a white nightgown and a silken negligé. She looked confused, her hair tousled, her feet clawing into the black marble.  She was staring emptily into space and smoking a cigarette. Fiona walked up to Nick. *"Where?"*, she asked. Nick mustered his superior head to toe, hesitantly. *"That is some outfit, you're wearing."*, he concluded. *"In the left wing. The girl's name is Chelsie. She woke up only to find her room mate dead in a pool of blood. No forced entry, and no signs of struggle in the room or on the body."*, he explained further. *"Hm, weird."*, Fiona mused. She went to the room and into the room that the patrol officer pointed out to her. She donned her rubber gloves and went up to the body, careful to not disturb anything. There truly was a lot of blood, blood on the floor, blood on the walls, it looked like somebody had exploded a big balloon with blood in it. In the middle of all of this, a girl lay, about nineteen years of age. She was completely still, her body bore no marks of violence on it. The only thing that Fiona noticed upon further inspection, was that there were two bloody bite marks on the victims neck.

Fiona walked out of the door, the roommate was still sitting on the stairs, sobbing uncontrollably this time. Fiona sat down next to her, lit a cigarette and offered one to the girl. A shaking hand accepted Fiona's offer. Fiona leaned across to light the girl's cigarette. *"So, tell me, what is your name?"*, Fiona asked. *"Chelsie Stone."*, the girl answered not looking at Fiona. *"Pretty grim what I saw in there."*, Fiona answered. *"I still can't believe what has happened. I mean yesterday we were still playing chess and now Amelia's dead."*, Chelsie said, sobbing even harder. *"You want to tell me what happened?"*, Fiona asked gently. *"Well, I woke up, waved to Mrs. Miller, the old lady who lives in next to us, went down into the kitchen to get myself a cup of coffee, wanted to put the chess board away and that is when I found her."*, Chelsie explained. Fiona called into the house for Nick. Nick came out, Fiona touched her nose, as if blowing it and drew a "C" into the air. Nick went back into the house and returned shortly with a tissue paper and a fresh cup of coffee. Fiona took those things from him and gave them to Chelsie. *"Thank you!"*, she said apologetically and tried to smile a tearful smile. *What d'you then?*, Fiona asked. *"Well, I stood there for what felt like an hour in disbelief and then I called the police."* Nick interjected: *"She called us at five past ten."* *"What'd the doc say? How long has she been dead?"*, Fiona asked Nick. *"She's been dead for around three to four hours."*, Nick answered. *"Do you have any idea who could've done this. There were bite marks on Amelia's neck and no signs of forced entry."*, Fiona told Chelsie who had calmed down somewhat. *"I have a suspicion, but you wouldn't believe me."*, Chelsie elaborated. *"Try me."*, Fiona said, smiling kindly. She made a small gesture to Nick to write down what would follow. *"Three months ago, I got to know this guy. He was cute and we dated for some time. But then he would disappear during the night and always wear sunglasses and black clothing when he stepped outside. I thought nothing of it at the time. I was blinded by love. All of this changed when one night, he brought home a dead girl, or at least she seemed to be dead. She was roughly my age and quite attractive too. I was aghast that he had brought her to my place - Jasper, my boyfriend, was living with me at the time. She kept asking him whether they should turn me. I didn't know what was meant. But there was something creepy and supernatural about the situation. I fled after some time and came here. This house belonged to my parents and I've let Amelia live here with me. Day before yesterday Jasper called on me at this address and tried to convince me to come back to him, which I refused. He got violent and bit me in the neck. I got it looked at at the hospital and the doctor said that it wasn't anyhing serious or anything to worry about. Maybe Jasper killed Amelia? It was Amelia who threw him out and beat him after he bit me. I was unsconscious for some time after Jasper bit me."*, Chelsie explained. *"Hm, interesting. What's up with this biting people?"*, Fiona asked. *"I..I..don't know."*, Chelsie said, breaking eye-contact and turning away. It was at this point that the forensic team carried Amelia out on a stretcher, her body covered by a blanket. The doctor was behind the stretcher. *"Fiona, can I have a word in private.?"*, he said. *"Hold on!"*, Fiona replied. *"Is there somewhere you can go while we sort this out?"*, Fiona asked Chelsie. *"I can go to my sister's place, she died many years ago but her bungalow is still available for staying in."*, Chelsie said. *Nick, can you drive her?*, Fiona asked, turning to him. Nick nodded. *"You better get dressed and pack up a couple things for the next two weeks or so."*, Fiona said. Nick and Chelsie disappeared into the house. *"So, what?"*, Fiona asked the doctor, after walking up to him. *"Do you know what is going on?"*, the doctor asked. *"I'm trying to figure out what is happening, why?"*, Fiona quizzed the doctor with a questioning look in her eyes. *"The body has been drained of all blood. I'll know more in a couple days."*, the doctor answered. *"Hm, that **is** strange!"*, Fiona answered.

## Chapter N<sup>o</sup> IV: The Dark Prince

Two hours later, Nick and Fiona were sitting at their desks in the *SFPD* 32nd precinct and looking for records of a Jasper. They were looking in the federal database of convicted criminals. *"Any luck, Nick?"*, Fiona asked him. *"No none but I had a thought."*, Nick answered. Fiona lit herself a cigarette. *"What?"*, she asked him. *"What if this Jasper is a vampire? Please don't think I've lost my mind."*, Nick said apologetically. *"I don't think you're insane, I've had the same suspicion and if we want to solve this, we have to rule out that possibility."*, Fiona answered. *"Let's look for people who've died in the database."*, Nick suggested. *"Yup, let's do that."*, Fiona answered.

Another hour later, Nick piped up: *"I've found something!"* *"What?"*, Fiona asked him. *"There's a Jasper Disparue here. Died ten years ago. Body never found."*, he answered. *"Is there an address?"*, Fiona inquired further. *"Hill Valey Lane 2 also in Pacific Heights."*, Nick answered. *"Off we go then."*, Fiona answered.

Ten minutes Fiona and Nick were cruising towards the address that Nick had found in the address book. After a short drive, they got there. The first thing that struck them was that someone seemed to be in the house. The house was a small bungalow with a Chevy Corvette in front of the house. It had a red crescent moon on the bonnet. The bungalow was white and seemed to be well taken care of with a clean lawn and white wooden walls. They broke down the door. When they entered, what they found made no sense. Although the bungalow seemed to be take care of well on the outside, the inside was a mess and come down. All they found was a black coffin with red lining.

There was nobody home. They inspected the house. Fiona found a picture of good-looking man in his early thirties with blonde hair and sharp features. Nick found an altar with a pentagram on it. *"Let's get outta here."*, Nick suggested, slightly scared. Fiona showed him the picture. *"I should go visit Chelsie and ask her if this whom she was talking about. You still got the address of the bungalow she's staying at?"*, she suggested and asked. Nick nodded and gave her a piece of paper. They split up and Fiona headed for Chelsie's bungalow. She dropped Nick back off at the precinct of the *SFPD*. *"Check if you can find similar cases to our murder victim."*, Fiona told him before driving off. Nick shouted back that he would do so.

## Chapter N<sup>o</sup> IV: Everything can be beautiful.

About an hour later, Fiona arrived at her destination. The bungalow Chelsie was staying at, was made of brown wooden logs that had been carefully placed atop one another to form a set of four walls. The roof was made out of bricks and there was small wrap-around terrace around it. Fiona parked her Chevy Camaro in a small clearing in front of the bungalow and got out.

She knocked on the door. Two minutes later, a calm and cleaned-up Chelsie opened the door. She was wearing some tight black bell-bottom pants, and a rose-gold satin shirt. The top two buttons were undone. Her hair was still wet, presumably she had just had a shower. *"Hey, there. You look much calmer and a lot better. How are you feeling?"*, Fiona asked, smiling kindly at Chelsie. *"I'm alright now, how are **you**?"*, Chelsie returned. *"I'm alright, we have some new info for you and would like to ask you a question, which is to say I would like to do those things. I bought you some coffee and a small sandwich."*, Fiona explained. *"Thank you, that is very kind, I wasn't expecting that."*, Chelsie answered.

They were sitting on a satin couch and Chelsie was nibbling her sandwich and sipping her coffee. *I would like to show you a picture. You need to tell me if you recognize the person in it.*, Fiona proceeded. *"Sure."*, Chelsie answered. Fiona whipped out the picture she had found at Jasper's house. *"Do you recognize this person?"* Chelsie looked for some seconds and nodded. *"Thank you for helping us like this. That makes everything much clearer."*, Fiona confessed.

As Fiona was getting up to go, Chelsie snatched Fiona's arm. Fiona whipped around. *"What are you doing?"*, she asked. *"I'm sorry, this whole situation has hit me quite hard. Could you stay with me tonight?"*, Chelsie pleaded. *"Fine. I'll go and get some overnight things and then come back here, alright?"*, Fiona said with a kind smile.

Fiona left and returned some hours later with an over-night bag with some fresh clothes for the next morning, a hammer, a wooden stake, and two magazines for her Glock service weapon. One of the magazines had silver bullets in it. On her way, she stopped at Five Guys and bought some dinner for herself and Chelsie. She was still quite hungover and the tiredness from the previous night had now come to get her with a vengeance. When she got to Chelsie's bungalow, the last rays of the sun were disappearing over the hills.

They ate in silence, Chelsie sobbing a little every now and again. Fiona knew she shouldn't get close to this girl as a police officer but she wanted to hug her and comfort her. It bothered her for some reason to see Chelsie in this state. She normally didn't care about the people she dealt with in the line of her work, bad or good, it didn't matter to her. In this instance, however, she felt that there was some invisible bond between the two of them. She didn't know where it came from but it was getting stronger by the minute. But she would play it safe, she didn't want to exploit the fact that Chelsie was in such a state.

After dinner, Nick called Fiona and asked her about the status: *"So, what'd she say?"*, he asked. *"She recognised him. I'm planning what to do next but I'm not sure that it is legal or allowed."*, Fiona hesitantly explained. *"We've been working together since we joined the PD, talk to me."*, Nick comforted her. *"Going by what you said, I think this 'murder' was done as a warning by Jasper, a vampire. I don't know much about the supernatural but there is a cemetery in Pacific Heights. if he's gonna be anywhere, he'll be there."*, Fiona explained. *"So you want to vanquish him?"*, Nick asked. *"That would seem to be the best solution."*, Fiona elaborated. *"And what are you gonna tell your superior?"*, Nick asked. *"I'll tell him Amelia killed herself for a reason we don't know."*, Fiona comforted him. At this moment, Chelsie hiccoughed. *"You're not still at Chelsie's, are you?"*, Nick asked, slightly shocked. *"Actually I'm watching over her for the night. She didn't want to me to go."*, Fiona apologetically professed. *"I hope you know what you're doing."*, Nick said, slight worry in his voice and hung up.

*"So, what's the plan?"*, Chelsie asked, sitting on her couch in her dressing gown, smoking a cigarette. *"What would you like to do?"*, Fiona asked her. *"Sleep, actually. I have a headache from all the crying."*, Chelsie professed. *"That's fine, I'm quite tired too."*, Fiona agreed. Chelsie got up, dumped her smoked-out cigarette in the ashtray shaped like a crescent moon and wished Fiona a good night. She slowly walked away into the back of her bungalow to her bedroom. Fiona stripped, took a blanket she had brought from home, wrapped herself in it and lay down on the couch. She was tired but couldn't sleep, she lay awake. Chelsie had turned off all the lights in the house before they had gone to bed. About an hour later, Fiona heard the door of Chelsie's bedroom opening and someone walking from it into the living room. She wasn't sure what to do, so she silently grabbed her gun from her blazer, pulled the hammer back and silently loaded a cartridge into the barrel by pulling the springs back. She got up, her gun pointed at the floor. Naked and completely silently she waited. The door to her left opened slowly. Fiona was nervous. Would they be attacked again? She saw a glimmer of blonde hair. She waited. If it was Jasper, she couldn't get a clean shot if she couldn't aim for his heart. When the door finally opened, she realized it was Chelsie. Chelsie stared at Fiona in horror, thinking Fiona was going to shoot her. She was crying again. *"Why d'you have a loaded gun in your hand?"*, Chelsie asked. *"I thought you were **him**."*, Fiona explained, putting the hammer back and putting the safety on before putting the weapon on the glass table next to the couch. *"Oh, I'm sorry, if I scared you."*, Chelsie said apologetically, still sobbing. She had also stripped, her body shaking and tears streaming from her eyes. *"You didn't scare me, I'm just careful."*; Fiona said. Fiona walked towards Chelsie and put her arms around her. *"Are you sure?"*, Chelsie said, suddenly looking scared but also glad. Fiona put her finger to her lips, pulled Chelsie closer to herself and kissed her. They stood locked in a tight embrace and kiss for some time. A warm feeling went through Fiona, she felt protective of the crying little blonde. Chelsie had closed her eyes and given herself to the moment.

At this moment, they both heard a tapping sound on the one of the glass windows. Fiona saw movement in the bottom half of the window out of the corner of her eye. She whipped around to her side. It was *him*. Jasper was looking at the both of them. They looked at each other for some split seconds. Then he was gone.

*"What? What was it?"*, Chelsie asked, frightened. Fiona started to get dressed. She took the magazine with silver bullets out of her bag and expelled the cartridge in the barrel and pulled out the old magazine to replce it with the silver-bulleted one. *"It was him."*, Fiona explained simply. Chelsie looked scared. *"Is he going to kill me too?"*, Chelsie asked. *"No, he can't even if he wanted to. You're a vampiress. When he bit you, you got turned."*, Fiona elaborated further. *I read up on the supernatural a litlle bit yesterday. You may not be forced to live like a vampire right now but it will come, soon."*, she added. *"What are you going to do?"*, Chelsie asked, disregarding what she had just been told. *"I'm going to the cemetery opn Pacific Heights, find him and kill him."*, Fiona told her. Chelsie asked: *"But how?"* *"Vampires are allergic to silver, if I shoot him with a silver bullet, he dies."*, Fiona explained even further. *"I'm coming with you."*, Chelsie threw back. *"As you wish."*, Fiona said.

Fifteen minutes later both of them were sitting in Fiona's Camaro on their way to the Pacific Heights cemetery. The moon was high in the sky and throwing an eerie glow on the landscape and the houses it contained. Chelsie had got dressed and they had set off after she had finished dressing.

Half an hour later, they arrived at the cemetery. Fiona put on her leather jacket, took out her gun, pushed the hammer backwards and loaded a silver bullet into the chamber. *"Do you know where he's buried, Chelsie?"*, Fiona asked. *"I think he has a mausoleum, his family is very old and moved to America on **The Mayflower** apparently."*, Chelsie said. *"But why does he have a bungalow in this area that is completely come down?"*, Fiona asked, while they both walked to the far end of the cemetery. *"He hates humans, he feels much more at home with the dead."*, Chelsie elaborated.

They found the mausoleum after a short walk. It was quite a large building, a square black cube of concrete with a golden domed roof. On each side of the walls there was an engraving of scenes from each stage of Dante's *Divine Comedy*. They went in.

The first thing that struck them was a set of three stone rectangular blocks each with a relief of the deceased on top of it. On the very left, the slab covering the block had been pushed aside. Jasper was sitting with his back to them and feasting on something that looked like a dead animal. He heard them and turned. *"Chelsie! I've missed you."*, he said with a mix of a maniacal bloody grin and anger in his face. He stepped down from his seat, dropped what he was holding and advanced towards them. Fiona had hidden her gun in her coat. Thinking he had both girls in his power, he jumped at Chelsie, flinging Fiona against the wall. She dropped to the floor limply. That was the last thing she remembered.

When Fiona awoke, she was back at Chelsie's bungalow, lying on Chelsie's couch. Chelsie was leaning over her, looking slightly concerned and very worried. Fiona blinked. *"What happened?"*, she asked. *"I fought him off, I suddenly felt stronger."*, she explained. *"And he left me in peace?"*, Fiona asked further. *"No, not really, you're actually dead."*, Chelsie elaborated apologetically. *"What?! Why?"*, she asked, very shocked. *"When he slammed you against the wall, he cracked your skull. You were dead. But then I remembered that he had turned me that one time he had visited me and I bit you. You're only alive in the narrowest sense because of me."*, Chelsie said. *"I'm not sure what to say..."*, Fiona answered with an open mouth. Chelsie put her finger to her lips and took Fiona gently into her arms and kissed her.
